Clean up Images, Add Syntax Highlighting, Fix Spelling and Grammar (#211)
NuevoFoundation/workshops: content/english/pygame-pong/activity-4.md

---

# Activity 4
Now you know how to change key assignments to control a paddle's movement. Great work!

> Can you apply the knowledge about Paddle object and its attributes that influence its movement on screen to change the key assignment for the right paddle? 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have added movement for the left paddle. Can you apply the knowledge about the `Paddle` object and its attributes that influence its movement on screen to change the key assignment for the right paddle? 
```

> Find `// TODO (ACTIVITY 4)` in the code. Modify the appropriate attribute value for the right paddle so it accepts 'UP' key for upward movement of the right paddle. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Find `// TODO (ACTIVITY 4)` in the code. Modify the appropriate attribute value for the right paddle such that pressing the `'UP'` key moves the right paddle up.
```

{{% notice tip %}}

> <h5>Press <b>run</b> to confirm the result.</h5>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Press <b>run</b> to confirm the result.
```

{{% /notice %}}

## Takeaway 

> You have just modified `up_key` attribute in `Paddle` class to influence how the right paddle object should move on screen. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You have just modified the `up_key` attribute in the `Paddle` class to influence how the right paddle object should move on the screen. 
```
